hey it's Corrine and today I wanted to
share a mini album that I completed I
used the paper sack it's the little
things by fancy pants designs I won't
even flip through it because I think
they only have a couple sheets last but
I'm sure you've all seen it love love
love this paper and the album is in 8 by
10 i use the binding system by Laura
Dennison I have a tim holtz frame here
with one of his the Dodge tickets and
they're in some glossy accents on top I
have some flowers and some leaves in a
little key down here I kept it very
simple and i love it i think it's so
pretty i also am using the stack the
deck binding which is my favorite to use
so it has little pockets all of them
have little tags great for journaling
decoration whatever just leaving them
and then these flip out I have some
little tags in fair this is a little
Daisy from Wild Orchid craft and then
some more tags back here so these are
great to add pictures too
and then every page at the top has a
huge photo map they're all identical so
I will take them all out fit tons of
room for pictures which is always my
goal when I make an album sorry want to
put this in the right way there we go
and then here's another little card here
with a flower this is great for names or
Dave then we have a tag here two
different tags here
and then another couple of tags on the
side and a picture can be slipped back
here as well and here's another one of
the pockets with some tags in it
this is a large photo mat here so a
photo could be placed here and then on
these
times the pockets tend to run win this
one
this one's not a pocket it's just a
fotomat same with on this side a fotomat
here's a little tag here
photo mat here
and two more tags here with little
sunflowers these are pretty big nice
eyes tag
and
one more fold out
so that's my album thanks so much for
watching bye
you